Previously. on The Way Home.
- I'm impressed. Del.
Most days I feel like a zombie.
Do you have any idea
who's ripped out of this?
I don't remember it being taken.
Teasing you with Susanna's will
is more fun
than actually using it.
I know about the pond.
That night. that person.
I just want it behind us.
This is Nate Simon.
Hollywood producer
extraordinaire.
What do you think
you said to her?
- I have no idea.
- Nobody's going anywhere.
Everyone freeze!
- Five souls in. four out.
- Tessa. gone.
I just invited my mother
to her own death.
- Elliot. wait!
Can... Can we just stop
- and make a plan?
- It's my mom.
- I have to get to her.
- Right. but the explosion...
The paper never covered it.
Okay?
So we don't have any idea
about how it happened or why.
All we know is that
we can't stop it.
Maybe not. but at least
I can say goodbye.
It's not 1925.
We have to go back.
- Wait. no. Fern.
She'll have the answers.
She lived through it.
Elliot!
Oh. what a joy to see you!
Fern. listen.
we need you to help us.
New Year's. 1925.
do you remember an explosion
in the tunnels under Lingermore?
Oh. so that's still to come.
is it?
Oh... Such a sacrifice you made.
Oh! They're home.
Oh.
Grandma Fern. look!
Wanna meet
your great-granddaughter?
Oh!
Hello. my dear!
I'm so pleased you're a girl.
You'll be nice and safe.
Uh. Grandma. this is. um...
this is Katherine.
Katherine.
Kitty Kat.
♪ Beautiful dreamer
Wake unto me ♪
♪ Starlight and dewdrops
are waiting for thee ♪
I don't even wanna know
where you two have been.
We have a problem.
Sam knows about the pond.
Sam? How?
KC. It turns out
he didn't lie about
how he knew them.
They did come to Sam
a couple of years ago
asking for legal advice
about Susanna's will.
What he forgot to mention
is that KC told him
- that they were from the future.
- Oh. God.
- I asked Sam to leave.
I couldn't handle it.
- He knew this whole time?
Two years?
- He's not the only one.
Whoever wrote these did too.
So did whoever edited
Kat and Alice
- out of the film reel.
- Film? What film?
It's a long story.
But there's something else
that we have to deal with.
Elliot and I might have learned
that Tessa...
That she...
We think that my mother
is going to die.
- In an explosion.
- What?
- It's the folk song.
Five Went in. Four Came out.
We think the explosion happened
on New Year's Eve.
And Tessa is the one
that didn't come out.
That newspaper photo.
You're at that New Year's party
getting arrested.
Then I must be there too
to get Elliot through the pond.
- This is ridiculous.
Neither of you
- are to go near that party.
- We know we go. Del.
No matter how long
we put it off.
- it's still coming for us.
- Not if you just don't jump.
So Sam and KC aren't
the only ones keeping secrets.
What is this that I hear
about a relationship
with Abby Goodwin?
It's not gonna be a secret
for much longer.
Abby wants to... tell Lewis.
Well. that is just about
terrifying as an explosion.
Yeah.
It certainly has the potential
to be. yeah.
You're not really going
back there. are you?
Elliot can't just
let his mother go.
Not without trying to save her.
You know. I had to try.
With Dad.
The things we do for love.
Yeah.
- El. I want to try again.
Let's jump. okay?
- Let's just rip off the Band-Aid.
- Right now?
I don't want you
to regret anything
when it comes to your mom.
I want you to come back here
knowing that you said
and you did
everything that you could.
Everything that you wanted to.
- They didn't listen.
They jumped.
Ugh. how could Kat
just leave a note?
Ugh...
Oh. Alice. Please don't!
Well. look who's back.
Is it Tom Buchanan these days
or Elliot?
Fern told me the truth.
You're Coop's son.
She thinks you were only
at that raid
a couple of months back
'cause you were trying
to get Mother dearest
out of the booze biz.
I don't know. you looked
pretty invested to me.
Where have you two been holed up
all this time?
- Oh. just... here and there.
You know?
Well. Coop disappeared too
after the raid. Like you two.
I gotta say. life's been
a lot quieter since then.
- Where is Fern?
I just... I need to see her.
She's at her screen test.
Her picture starts filming
in a few days.
And. uh. where are these tests
being held?
At Lingermore. of course.
Um. yeah. we should stop by
- and just wish her luck.
- Yeah.
Hey. now...
Don't go rocking the boat.
I'd hate to see you spend
New Year's Eve in jail.
Fern.
There's a job tonight.
we have to go.
What? No.
there's the party tonight.
She's gonna die. Fern.
- Cut it! Cut!
Stop the camera right now!
Get out. Clear the room. please.
Right now.
Well. you're right. Just Kat.
She is gonna die.
Aren't you. Auntie Coop?
- I don't understand.
You know you're gonna die?
- In a big explosion.
Very dramatic.
- What is going on?
- It's all fake. silly.
To get Tessa out of the business
and free Gray here
- from potential scandal.
- So that Tinseltown hot shot
Nate Simon. he finally agreed
to finance my film
with Fern as the lead.
of course.
Not that dreadful Mary Pickford.
but Nate is putting pressure
on Gray
to get rid of the bootlegging
before production starts.
He'll pull the plug
if there's a hint of hooch.
Capone.
he's been sniffing me out.
I mean. I've been laying low.
It's only a matter of time.
so... I have to get out.
I figured. do it when I have
my boy here.
So you're faking your own death.
The explosion. though.
will be very real.
Nothing fake about that.
It'll happen before the cameras
even start to roll.
It'll look like an accident.
but more importantly.
it'll destroy all the tunnels
under Lingermore.
effectively shutting down
the town's booze transport.
But you have another job first.
- No. I don't.
Where'd you hear that?
Kitty Kat. don't you see?
1926 is a year
of new beginnings.
Fresh starts for all of us.
Well. certainly for you.
my dear.
Okay. so no one
is going to be killed?
The town will only think it.
- So it's true.
The pond is magic.
And you're a time traveller.
So. you know.
but please don't tell Colton.
Are you telling me
he doesn't know?
- Well. now I have to tell him.
- No. please!
- I'm begging you.
- No.
- Can I just...
- Please?
- Hey.
What's going on?
Hi. nothing. Um...
Just turns out Alice
is camera shy.
and a little clumsy
on the rocks.
So. hi.
Hi. I was just on a walk.
- But you brought the baby.
- Uh...
Yeah. Vic got called
out to the boat.
so I had to bring him.
Hey. I know. I know. it's okay.
- Well. I should...
I should head out.
- Okay.
- It was nice chatting.
Come on. Elliot.
Shh. shh...
Can't wait to get
these developed.
It's so peaceful here.
Kind of otherworldly.
I come here to think a lot.
Usually without the baby.
though.
Oh. I know. I know.
It's okay. buddy.
Feel like walking home with me.
Alice?
I could use the company.
- Yeah. yeah. of course.
- It's okay.
- Ready for the launch tonight?
- I think so.
I know it's just a few guests.
but they are very important
influencers.
so everything needs
to be perfect.
You should be there. Jacob.
I thought you wanted launch
to be perfect.
Your dad isn't going
to react well. Abby.
I don't wanna see
your big night ruined.
I just want him to see you
for who you really are.
Not the guy who set fire
to his vineyard.
So I didn't actually
set fire to anything.
- as I explained...
- It was a. "Rash.
spur of the moment need
to rectify old family grudges."
- Right.
- Whatever that means.
- So what if I did come?
- Really? You would?
It'll be amazing.
We've actually just decided
to switch things up.
so now we're throwing it
in these old catacomb tunnels
underneath the estate.
Our ancestors used
to store illegal rum there.
And they've got these rooms
that look like cells.
It's spooky. but memorable.
I am so thrilled
you wanna be there.
Yeah.
I envy you. you know?
Me? Why?
- You come and go as you please.
Like Griffin.
You're your own boss.
Meanwhile. he's my boss now.
Being a mom.
I've heard it's really hard.
No one tells you that. do they?
Not even new mothers.
They just smile and say
it's magical.
I'm sure it is for some.
I mean. Del.
she makes it look so easy.
She's a perfect mom.
You will be too. You are.
I'm trying.
I just keep wondering if there's
something I'm missing.
Something everyone else knows.
There has to be more
than this. right?
Oh. God. I forgot. I have to go.
There you are. Did you forget
that you were babysitting Lewis?
I'm sorry.
time got away from me.
Well. I need to go pick up
some stuff
- for the party tonight.
- I know. I'm sorry.
- Okay.
- Okay...
- Bye. Lewis.
- Bye!
For sale?
I don't understand.
Well. the house isn't ours
in this era. Not yet.
But I'm gonna buy it.
Yeah. for the boys.
I've been looking after
Percy and Moe
for a long time now.
Well...
they're family after all.
Of course. they don't know that.
but still.
I thought this place was
always owned by an Augustine.
- It should've been.
Your ancestor.
Susanna Augustine. she built it
in the 1800s for her nephews.
- Really?
- And then they fell
on hard times.
and they had to sell.
If I can bring this house
back to our family.
then I think I'll have played
my part in our history.
And I'll have done
something good here.
- More than good.
If we didn't have this place.
I wouldn't have grown up here.
Wouldn't have known Kat.
Kat Landry.
I can't believe you two
fell in love.
Well. maybe I can.
You know. Colton and Del.
they always wanted us
to be on big happy family
when you were babies.
- I became part of their family.
- I know you did.
And I'm so glad.
And I'm glad that we're
getting this time together.
But. look.
whatever happens tonight...
Nothing's gonna happen.
Just know I'll do whatever
I can to keep you safe.
Even take the fall.
I could never allow that.
And it won't be necessary.
because I'm not going home
without you.
Home? Like...
You mean. home. home?
Yes. I do.
I've got to settle up.
Pay my debts.
Make sure Capone
doesn't go after my boys.
Will you and Kat wait for me?
I've waited over 40 years. Mom.
I can wait a little longer.
Come on in.
I need some advice about Abby.
Are things not going well?
- The opposite. actually.
Things are amazing.
She wants to come clean
with her dad about us.
and suddenly I'm terrified.
I don't know how to get out
from under what happened
in the past.
I think we should all
just move on
from mistakes we made back then.
Speaking of mistakes.
I made some with you too.
I mean. you lost
your job because of me.
Most people would walk away
after that. but you stayed.
You stepped up. You took care of
the farm while I was gone.
and I don't think you know
how much I appreciate that.
- but I do.
- Honest. Jake. it's nothing.
Do you remember
when we were kids?
It was a dream to run
the farm together.
Mm. no. our dream
was to be pirates.
Yeah. of course. I remember.
Still sounds like a solid plan
to me. don't you think?
- What are you saying?
- I'm saying I'd like to run
Landry farm with you. Danny.
Equal partners.
- Alright.
- Partners.
- How about a beer to celebrate?
- Yeah.
But the Abby of it all.
I don't know.
She's ready to give up
so much to be here with me.
I... I want to be worthy of her.
Steady. strong.
- Just do it. Jake.
Face up to Lewis.
tell him how you feel.
Damn the consequences.
We need to talk about
the pond. Griffin.
You know. you really shouldn't
be meeting Tessa there.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I've seen you two. A lot.
- And you need to back down.
- Back down from what?
There's nothing going on.
Besides. it's not your business.
Yes. it is.
Things are good between
Tessa and Vic.
All of us are good as a group.
Oh. right. the precious group.
I came here to meet you kid.
Colton. Spend some time.
Is that okay with you?
You know.
I thought you'd be happy.
- So she's really coming home?
- She is.
- It's incredible.
- Wait. wait. wait.
- Don't go yet.
- I have to.
I promised dear Elliot
I'd find him
a tuxedo for tonight.
And I have to get ready too.
I do have a place of my own.
you know?
Yeah. well. what if you didn't?
- Didn't what?
- Have a place of your own.
What if you lived here?
- With you?
- Yeah. with me.
For always.
I wanna make you feel safe.
and loved. and cared for.
This year is gonna be
huge for you.
You gotta shoot for the stars.
Just as long as you land
back down here again.
On this farm.
I'll be waiting to catch you.
I can't wait to be caught.
Heck. I was gonna do this
on New Year's Day. but why wait?
It's no emerald. but it's real.
It's honest.
I love you. Fern Landry.
Will you marry me?
Here.
I love you. Cliff Kane.
I never loved anybody
the way I love you.
Invite or no. I'm coming
to that party tonight.
Gotta share a kiss with my gal
at midnight. don't I?
That's how it's done.
Fern's not here.
She's out finding your man
a penguin suit for tonight.
I know.
I actually came to see you.
- To what do I owe the pleasure?
- Grayson's party.
Will you be there?
I didn't receive an invitation.
Isn't showing up to parties
uninvited kind of your thing?
Listen. I...
I just wanted to tell you
that whatever happens tonight...
Are you expecting something
to happen tonight?
No! No. I just. um...
The thing about Elliot
is that he always
tells the truth.
Tom Buchanan sure didn't.
Just trust him. please.
And me. Because whatever
we may say and or do.
it's to keep Fern safe.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
And frankly.
you're starting to worry me.
But... anything that keeps
Fern out of trouble
- has my blessing.
- Thanks. I'll see you.
What are you doing with those?
Hi. Danny. come on in.
It's Danny.
- Those letters. Del.
I wrote them.
Tessa?
Oh. my God. Elliot!
- Alice. is he alright?
- Okay. he's okay. he's fine.
Okay. You're okay. baby.
- I'm sorry. I have to go.
- Okay.
It's okay. buddy. I know.
Tessa. what is going on?
I must've fallen asleep.
Lewis ran off. and I went
to find him. and I... I forgot.
- You left your baby?
- I forgot.
What kind of a mother does that?
You fell asleep? You were
supposed to be watching Lewis.
I'm so sorry.
Mommy. I went to the pond.
Let's go.
Hey. it's okay. It's okay.
This whole time.
it was you. Danny?
Why?
Because I was angry.
When Jake disappeared.
I blamed myself.
If I hadn't thrown
his stuffed dog...
I've lived with that guilt
for over 20 years.
Feeling like I owed you all
for what I'd taken from you.
It's why I helped on the farm
a few years back
right before Jake came home.
That's when I saw what I saw.
Hey. Mom! Mom. stop. hey!
You're scaring me.
What happened to Jacob?
- They beat him. Badly.
So I-I...
I had to go back to him.
Mom. please. I know Jacob
needs you. but are you okay?
No. I am not okay!
He could be dying right now.
do you understand?
I have to go.
Hearing Kat and Alice.
I realized
they knew where you were.
and you weren't dead.
You were alive.
Kat was going to you
to help you.
All this time. you were
supposed to be missing. Jake.
you weren't missing!
Your family knew where you were.
And then sure enough.
a few weeks later.
you were back home.
You told the newspapers
and the magazines a lie.
I was still the reason Jake
went missing. lost his memory.
because I threw a toy
over a cliff?
You used me as a scapegoat
when it wasn't true.
and you knew it!
Those letters.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I just needed to do something
to let you know
that someone knew the truth.
so that you'd just come clean.
But you didn't.
You're right.
We didn't. We lied.
The story we made up.
that was all me trying
to protect my family. My son.
I was trying to shut down
talk and attention
without considering
who might be hurt.
I-I'm so sorry. I really am.
Where were you
all those years. Jake?
- I promise to tell you. Danny.
I do.
But you probably
won't believe me.
Come here.
Never in my wildest dreams
did I think I'd fall like this.
but fall I have.
When are you gonna
break things off with Grayson?
I have.
Couldn't you tell
at the screen test?
Grayson was a total gentleman.
So what's that ring
all about. then?
Nate Simon.
He saw Gray and I get engaged.
and he loved the package deal.
so we have to give it
to him for now.
Look at you! Not too shabby.
We make a tantalizing trio.
but for now. you're a duet.
Ciao. darlings.
You look beautiful.
What's wrong. Kat?
Fern is so happy.
Oh. and certain about Cliff.
about the film.
None of it's gonna happen. El.
- Oh. my goodness.
Here. take some of this.
- Absolutely.
Thanks for doing this.
- Hey. is Tessa coming?
- Um. I hope so.
She's been awful tired lately
with the baby and all.
- Yeah.
- Um. I don't know. I'm just...
- I'm a little worried.
- Nah. it's normal. I mean.
Del and I haven't had
a full night's sleep in ages.
Yeah. but... she's not
really herself. though.
You know?
I'm having a hard time
reaching her and it's...
I don't know. I feel like
she's not really here.
Hey. hey.
She'll come around. okay?
You guys love each other.
And... And the baby.
You're right. I
mean. how could we not love
our beautiful boy?
Of course.
I even hate going to work now.
it's...
Oh. I know the feeling.
- Thanks. man.
- Got you.
- Hey.
- Hey!
- Oh.
- Hi!
- How's it going?
Good.
We thought we were so smart.
didn't we?
We really didn't think at all.
We just acted.
because we had to.
God. we made such a mistake.
Well. don't make another one
by hurting Abby.
- Just come to the party with me.
- Mom. I can't.
Why are you so determined
to make things difficult?
It's in the catacombs.
Alright? I'm just...
I don't know if I can.
I... I know the hell
that you went through.
and it kills me.
but your feelings for Abby.
don't you think they prove
that you're ready
to let go of that horrible past?
I think they do.
Let go of me right now.
I command you!
- Get away!
- Jacob. no!
It's an amazing party. Grayson.
Thank you for including us.
Well. any friend of Fern's
is a friend of mine.
These ladies do like
to make us gents wait. though.
don't they? How long
does it take to powder a nose?
Ah! There they are.
- Mr. Goodwin.
Pleasure to see you.
Pleasure's all mine.
For tonight I suppose. anyway.
Shall we?
Yes.
Let's go say hello to Nate.
Not another rewrite!
I mean. an explosion
on the first day of production.
that's going to be expensive.
Well. we're starting things
off with a bang. are we?
I'll be the judge of that.
Why would Grayson write in
an explosion?
They said it was happening
on the first day of production.
But we know the explosion
happens tonight.
Unless...
What if the explosion
that fakes my mom's death
isn't supposed
to happen tonight?
It's supposed to happen right
before film production begins.
They wrote it into the script
to make it look like
a production accident.
No scandal that way.
But. no.
we talked about this explosion
- with Tessa and Grayson.
- Did we?
We never once said
it happens on New Year's Eve.
What if...
What if this is some
terrible game
of broken telephone?
Tessa isn't down
in the tunnels tonight.
She said there was no job.
I've got to pay my debts.
Make sure Capone
doesn't go after my boys.
She lied.
She is doing a job.
To pay off Capone.
Using the party
as a distraction.
just like the circus.
"Tessa Gone."
Maybe it just means
she disappears
from this time.
and she comes home with us.
What if the explosion
is unplanned. Kat?
Her death might be as well.
We need to leave. right now.
I don't want you in danger.
This is exactly
what I wanted to avoid.
- No. I'm not leaving you!
- Tom Buchanan!
Remember me?
No way
you're getting away again.
- Not like at the raid.
- What? No!
Kat. get Fern and go!
Well. folks. the Big Fish
has just been caught.
That means an end to rum running
here in Port Haven.
and I. for one.
will drink to that.
You've got this all wrong!
Tom...
Thought I told you
not to rock the boat.
I've got things to do tonight.
you know.
I got a beautiful lady to kiss.
Coop's in trouble.
and I have to get to her.
- Why would Coop be in trouble?
What is she doing?
She's running another job.
isn't she? Where?
- Cliff. please. I'm her son.
She's in danger.
I can't change
what's gonna happen.
but I have to say goodbye!
Please!
I'm telling the truth. I swear!
Take the cuffs off. now!
Thank you.
Wait.
We follow. but at a distance.
Oh. excuse me for a moment.
Did you hear? Grace and some cop
made a big showy arrest.
Claimed they caught the Big Fish
to placate Nate.
- Big Fake. more like.
- It was Elliot.
- They arrested Elliot.
- What? Why?
Because that cop
recognized him from the raid.
Grayson just went along with it.
Fern. promise me that you're
gonna stay here at Lingermore.
There's... there's gonna be
an explosion in the tunnels.
Oh. Kitty.
that's not happening tonight.
It's not the one
that was planned.
Tessa is down there.
She's pulling a job
so she can settle her debt
with Capone.
No. no. no. that's not
possible. She promised me.
That will ruin everything.
Nate will shut us down.
- Okay. let me in the tunnels.
- I'll go with you. come on.
- No. Gray.
You'll be implicated.
Your job is to keep up
appearances.
I need you to stay here
and keep Fern close.
I have to go. Now.
- Alright. follow me. Come on.
- Kitty.
Here.
Take this. just in case.
- Well. that's too sweet.
Smell that.
- Rita!
- What is that?
- Rita! Stop! Rita!
- Blueberries? Blegh...
- Look. Anna.
I'll be right back.
The launch is lovely.
You should be so proud.
Thank you.
Sorry. I can't get
any cell reception.
I'm trying to call Jacob.
Thought he was coming.
I think I forced his hand.
and he freaked out.
and now I've ruined it.
- You haven't ruined anything.
It's this place.
Speech time. Excuse me.
A young farmer I've come to know
told me that when he holds
New Brunswick soil.
he holds history.
And here we are.
Down in this tunnel.
embracing history.
My dad had a dream.
He has done relentless research
to find just the right
grape variety to thrive here.
And he fell in love with it.
I've fallen in love too.
And that love
is in every bottle.
And it sparkles.
So. let me take you
through the no...
Hi.
Uh. I'm sorry. Mr. Landry.
but you are not on
the guest list this evening.
I know. I apologize.
Mr. Goodwin. I'm here
because I need your blessing.
Yeah. well. I think it can
wait for another day.
- This is unnecessary.
- Dad!
- Just carry on. Abigail.
- Stop. I-I need to say this.
No. I don't wanna hear
anything that you have to say.
I'm in love with your daughter!
Okay. I'm in love
with your daughter.
so I am here to ask
for your blessing.
And your forgiveness
for what I've done in the past.
I am truly sorry.
But I love her.
I love him too.
Please. Dad.
You're in love with a Landry?
A Landry whose family
has been blackmailing us
for the past two years?
What?
- Is that true. Jacob?
- Tell her.
Tell her about the will.
Yes. it's true.
but it's not the whole story.
I can explain.
- Oh! Someone turn it up!
I love this song.
Me too.
- Oh. brother. I was just...
I was just telling Tess here
I need a picture of all of us.
Oh. hey. Vic.
Can you. can you take it?
- Yeah. sure.
- Thanks. I appreciate that.
Yeah. Three. two and one.
Great.
Hey. that's new.
Where'd you get this?
Oh. I... I forget.
- It's nice.
- I gave it to her.
What? Why'd you give my wife
a bracelet?
It's no big deal. It's just...
because of this fairy tale
she likes.
When have you been talking
to her about fairy tales?
- Get away from her. man!
- Hey. come on.
- Just. just stop this. Griff.
- Oh. you should talk.
- with Evie hanging all over you?
- Evie's my friend. alright?
Oh. wow! You have no clue.
do you?
She's in love with you. Cole!
She always has been!
- Griffin. stop!
- And you've done nothing
- to discourage her.
- You have no idea
what you're talking about.
What is wrong with you?
I'm just telling it as it is.
Because no one
in this pathetic group will!
- Alright...
- No. no. no. No. no.
This... This is you being you.
When you can't be happy.
you make it so that no
- one else is!
- You think this whole thing
is gonna last?
What you have here?
You are hanging on
by a thin little thread.
- And it's gonna snap.
- Griffin. stop it!
Just stop. please!
You heard her. Get out!
Get out!
I don't know how I could ever.
ever call you a brother!
Get out of here. man.
Percy. just keep packing.
Moe. you're no use
to me in here.
Go keep a look out for the cops.
How many have we got?
Boats are due soon.
- Tessa.
- Oh. you gotta me kidding me.
You? What do you think
you're doing?
Kat! You can't be here.
Listen. there's gonna be
an explosion.
No. you've got your days
all mixed up. Missy.
There's no explosion
happening tonight.
You just need to go back
up to the party.
and let the adults take care
of this.
Listen to the boss and get out!
- Please. just... Percy. please!
- Come on. go!
Here. have some pie.
Del. I...
Griffin was lying.
No. he wasn't. And it's okay.
You don't think I already knew?
- Colton. we're going home.
- No. no. guys. come on.
Don't let my idiot brother
ruin our night.
I'd say it already has been.
This entire day has ben ruined
in one way or another.
Evie. don't.
Do you know what happened today?
Tessa was supposed to be
watching my Lewis
when he walked off on his own
down to the pond
because she was sleeping.
And she left her baby
in his crib. alone.
while toast was burning
and set off the alarm.
- You what?
You left Elliot alone?
Vic. I...
I mean. it all turned out fine.
What if you hadn't arrived
when you did?
Tess. something
could've happened to our baby.
This is how it begins. Coop.
And I'll tell you how it ends.
You're gonna kill your son.
Mom!
- Elliot?
- Kat!
Wait. they let you go?
We all have to get out of here.
Elliot.
Capone will go after my boys
- if we don't deliver.
- Please. we're going now.
No. I love you.
and I want to be with you.
- I will.
- Freeze! All of you!
Imagine Lewis accusing you
of blackmail?
I mean. sounds like that man
had too much
of his own terrible wine.
I didn't even get to pitch him
on doing my podcast down here
about that big explosion
in the 20s.
Such a tragedy. So many deaths.
- Uh. there was one death.
Right? The fifth body.
- No. no. no.
Those lyrics are deceptive.
"Five went in. four came out."
It made it seem like
all those bootleggers lived.
They didn't?
No. four bodies were identified.
the fifth one was never found.
That is the ghost story.
But. no.
they all died down here.
Invite or not. I'm coming
to that party tonight.
Gotta share a kiss with my gal
at midnight. don't I?
Alright. ladies and gentlemen.
let the countdown to 1926 begin!
In ten. nine...
- Cliff. listen.
We need to get everybody out.
No. the only place
you're going is jail.
Come on. Percy.
against the wall. Let's go.
- Please. you're not hearing me.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Hey! Put it down!
What are you doing?
Seven. six. five. four...
- Listen to me. Mom.
- Tessa.
you don't need to do this.
- Hey! Put that gun down!
- Mom. stop!
Three. two...
I'm warning you
for the last time!
- Put it down!
- Tessa. please! Please!
Elliot! No!
One! Happy New Year!
You're on. my little starlet.
♪ Should auld acquaintance
be forgot ♪
♪ And never brought to mind ♪
♪ Should auld acquaintance
be forgot ♪
♪ And auld lang syne ♪
♪ For auld lang syne my dear ♪
♪ For auld lang syne ♪
♪ We'll take a cup
of kindness yet ♪
♪ For auld lang syne ♪
♪ And there's a hand
my trusty friend ♪
♪ Give me a hand o' thine ♪
♪ And we'll take a right
good-will draught ♪
♪ For auld lang syne ♪
♪ For auld lang syne. my dear ♪
♪ We'll take a
cup of kindness yet ♪
♪ For auld lang syne ♪